source-S3: Support JSON format (#14213)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/s3.md

The avro parser uses [fastavro](https://fastavro.readthedocs.io/en/latest/). Currently, no additional options are supported.

### Json

> The Json parser uses pyarrow json parser. Please refer the [doc] (https://arrow.apache.org/docs/python/generated/pyarrow.json.read_json.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Json parser uses pyarrow. For more detailed info, please refer to the [docs] (https://arrow.apache.org/docs/python/generated/pyarrow.json.read_json.html)
```

> The Json parser uses Pandas json parser. Please refer the [doc] (https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/io.html#reading-json)

Reviewer 2: Update this if we're using pyarrow

> 

Reviewer: would be good to also clarify here in the docs that it's JSONL rather than any JSON.

Author: done
